![Hacktoberfest logo](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/board-eval-test.appspot.com/o/Add%20a%20heading.png?alt=media&token=9484a89d-c145-4dc8-9685-2ab0e8bd8bb6)

# Hacktoberfest 2021 Swag List

**Hacktoberfest** is the celebration of Open-Source, its that time of the year when people from all over the world come together to contribute to their favorite Open Source projects. To make the deal sweeter some organizations give out cool swags like tshirts, stickers and much more! This page aims to consolidate all the swag opportunities in one place and make it easier for you to choose from. Always remember, Hacktoberfest is about making **"meaningful contributions"** any kind of **SPAM/HATRED** is a big **NO** and isn't tolerated. Create PRs that add value and take home the sweet swags!

You can read more about Hacktoberfest [here](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/). If you are a part of an organization listed below and dont wan't your swag to be listed, please contact me by raising an issue on the official repository and it will be taken down immediately.

If you find a new swag that isn't mentioned feel free to make an issue [here](https://github.com/monizb/hacktoberfest-swag-list#adding-a-swag-to-the-list). This app was inspired by [monizb/hacktoberfest-swag-list](https://github.com/monizb/hacktoberfest-swag-list), all credits to him for letting me use the `list.json` from his repository!

## License

```
Copyright (c) 2021 Yash Garg
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```
